Update `sandbox` keyword descriptions (#23622)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/iframe/index.md

  - : Applies extra restrictions to the content in the frame. The value of the attribute can either be empty to apply all restrictions, or space-separated tokens to lift particular restrictions:

>     - `allow-downloads`: This value allows you to download files through an {{HTMLElement("a")}} or {{HTMLElement("area")}} element with the [download](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attr-download) attribute, as well as through the navigation that leads to a download of a file. This works regardless of whether the user clicked on the link, or JS code initiated it without user interaction.

Reviewer: Nit (to keep the same sentence structure as below):
```suggestion
    - `allow-downloads`: Allows downloading files through an {{HTMLElement("a")}} or {{HTMLElement("area")}} element with the [download](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#attr-download) attribute, as well as through the navigation that leads to a download of a file. This works regardless of whether the user clicked on the link, or JS code initiated it without user interaction.
```
